I thought this would be a waste it died
Shirley Nelson was confusing his sharks
but as I was about to give up there in
front of me was a silver tip
unbelievable I followed it and ran into
several more now I was really curious
what they were doing up here right over
there
sharp right there it's not the sort of
shark you normally see with shallow reef
and Coco's usually their reef sharks
they call them that but they live on the
reef this one it's a silver temple
silver tip serious sharks they're big
they eat other sharks as well as big
fish they go for the big stuff out in
the deep water the open water just not
see this shark here I used to live in
the Pacific I lived in the Marshall
Islands we would always see the shark
feet on the drop off ever in shallow
water like this now what on earth silver
tip is doing in these shallow waters
beyond me hopefully if we stay long
enough learn something about it
what it's doing up here seems surprising
however if you look carefully you'll
understand look at the tail
see those little fish those rainbow
wrasse rainbow rats live on this rock
right here now this shark comes out from
very deep water all the way over the
flats it's only 40 feet here to get
clean little rafts come off the rock
sleep up onto the sharp met the little
parasites off the tail off of the mouth
shark will actually slow down almost
stop the rafts go into the mouth take
all the little parasites off
it's like kicks on the dog they don't
like that
prettiest shark I've ever seen in my
life
sitting there they are giving us a show
I don't believe this
you'd never see Silverton coming right
over your head like this I have never
ever had this experience